Everybody grateful to be together today in church.
Yeah, put your hands together.
Such an honor to be with all of you here at Grant Smill and everybody who's joining us through whatever means that is online or on demand at one of our locations.
Happy Labor Day weekend to everybody.
It is honored again just to be in God's house with you.
I sense God's presence with us today.
I'm excited that we have this opportunity here on Vision Sunday to be together as a church family.
And of course, I do want to say hello again to all those online, on-demand, Labor Day weekend.
Probably a lot of people traveling.
We say hello to you guys.
But also especially today, just even on Vision Sunday, so grateful for the Highlands family, for our physical locations, both in cities and our correctional facilities.
So I say hello to all of you guys.
Come on, let's put our hands together for the entire Highlands Church family.
Love you with all of my heart.
And it is Vision Sunday, so I thought it would be cool to put a visual love.
Y'all, there's our church family right there.
All those dots represent, again, the cities we're in, and the correctional facilities we're in, and there's even a new dot up there that I'm gonna get to in a moment.
But you'll hear more about that in a second.
So, welcome again to Vision Sunday.
This is something we do a couple times a year in February on our church anniversary, and then in August heading into the fall, which by the way, can y'all believe it is fall?
I know you can, because you watch football all weekend long, all right?
And I'm not gonna comment on anything other than to say this.
Go blazers, we won on Thursday night.
Come on, we can all agree.
So,
Every chance I get, I'm gonna say that.
So we're heading into fall.
We do this strategically as we kind of head into fall.
So if you're with us for the first time, you chose a great Sunday to be here to get just to really see a little more of who Highlands is, what kind of what we're all about.
And that's my prayer today that we would.
The Bible says in Proverbs, is that when we have vision, we prosper that with vision, people can see, we can prosper.
Without that, we don't have that.
So we cast off restraints actually what the Bible says, without vision.
It leads in a negative ways.
My prayer today is this, that God would allow us to see both for our church and for our lives.
I'm gonna share towards the end of today's talk a really a message for each of you today to minister to your own heart.
And that we would walk out of here in a few minutes, filled with fresh hope.
That's what vision does.
When we encounter vision and we encounter the life of God, abundant, John 10 10, life of God, with that just comes this fresh wind,
of hope, and I have been praying that all weekend long.
So it's a little different kind of Sunday.
We'll talk details and some updates, kind of the roadmap of where we're heading, but more than anything else, just let your heart be open today to receive hope from our God.
If you have your app, go ahead and open it up today to our message notes.
And again, we're going to talk about church today.
We're going to talk about our own lives today, but I want to frame all of that with a question that I think is going to help us today.
And it's kind of an obvious one on Vision Sunday, but I want to unpack it a little bit more.
Here's the question of the day, what do we see?
What do we see?
And obviously, again, Vision Sunday, kind of an obvious question.
But when you really start thinking about sight, there's a lot of aspects to sight.
And one of the main things is focus.
Everybody say focus.
Is what we see ultimately has a lot to do with how we focus on it, the perspective that we have.
And where our eyes are focused controls what we see.
The Bible actually teaches focus.
is a choice.
And my wife, Jill, loves these images.
I didn't even know they had a name, but for a long time, she showed me these things.
She loved these things.
She loves them.
Here's the one I remember, like years ago, she showed me.
And I want everybody to look at that picture.
And there's actually two images that you can see in that picture.
How many of you all see the older lady raise your hand every location?
How many of you see the younger lady raise your hand?
Okay, how many of you all didn't see any lady?
That's okay.
Okay, so what you see in that picture
has everything to do with where you're focused.
Here's the most famous one of these.
These are actually called ambiguous images, kind of a weird name.
But to put the next one up, this is an image that you can either see a duck or a rabbit.
If you saw the duck, raise your hand, you're duck people, okay?
Where are my rabbit people at?
Okay, scientists say, again, you can't see both images at the same time.
So everything has to do with where you're focused.
Again, where are the rabbit people at?
Okay, I got some good news and bad news.
Good news you saw the rabbit.
Bad news is you're more likely to own a cat at some point in your life.
I don't even know why that's what I'm telling you.
These are, there's a bunch of these images out there and big U.S. images.
But again, the research behind this is there's two images you can see and you can't see them both at the same time.
You have to mentally shift from the rabbit to the duck.
Some of you are still trying to see the rabbit.
I can see it on your eyes right now.
It's okay.
We'll come, we'll put it on the app later on.
You can go check it out.
It says everything to do with focus.
What do we see?
Has everything to do with what we focus on?
Again, the Bible teaches this is not chance, this is a choice.
Our key scripture for today is 2 Corinthians chapter four, verse 18.
So we fix, everybody say fix.
That word in the original language here is again the word focus.
So we fix, we're gonna make a choice to fix our eyes.
And this is not talking about, in this case, our physical eyes.
This is the eyes of our heart.
on what is, so we don't fix our eyes on what is seen, but instead on what is unseen.
This is the choice.
Am I gonna fix the eyes of my heart on what I can see or the unseen?
And what is that unseen all about?
Because the scene is temporary, but the unseen is eternal.
And this with all our heart, I know is what God wants for each of us today, both of our church and for our individual lives, is to make the choice to see things from his perspective.
Oh God, would you give us
Honestly, your eyes today, God, can we have your eyes today to focus on the right things, not on what is seen, not on the temporary, not just on what's going on around us, but on the unseen, the eternal.
God, we want to see how you see, and that's really, my prayer today is for hope, and that hope will be connected to sight, and that sight would be all about God's sight.
Because really, in this world, we're living in, there's a lot of seeing things we can focus on.
We can focus every single day on people, relationships, and we can see them as they are.
And oftentimes people can be connected to problems in our life or tensions in our life or come on church.
We can see people, every person that we encounter today and Monday through Friday at work or at school as an eternal being that God created, who's either going to spend eternity in heaven or in hell.
They're not just people, they're eternal beings, they're people.
who God loves with all of their heart.
We can choose to focus just on the situations in our life, the circumstances in our life, just from a physical standpoint, or we can focus on them from a eternal standpoint.
Even our church itself, we can just see buildings and locations or watching online through a screen, or we can see this is what it really is, a move of God in our generation.
Or even in our own life, we can focus just on the scene temporary, which oftentimes would be the problems that we're facing.
Or today with faith, we can believe, God, you have a different perspective.
You have something that you want to show us.
Today, God, we wanna see, as you see, we don't wanna focus on the temporary, we wanna focus on the eternal, not just on the scene.
We're gonna see the scene.
The scene is our everyday life, but on the unseen.
Today, I wanna lean into our church, as I mentioned.
I'm gonna give us kind of a roadmap for this fall, but first, even in the spirit of this question,
Oh God, give us eyes to see what you see when you see the move of God happening here at Highlands.
So I'm telling you guys, this year to date, I mean, here we are heading into the fall already.
God has done more this year than ever before.
We are living in a miracle and I wanna have God's eyes to see it.
I can't get over a motion conference just a few weeks back.
We can look at motion conference just as a youth conference.
We can look at it just as a field arena or we can look at it.
Come on, somebody.
As a moment that changed thousands of lives forever,
a moment that impacted a generation.
I mean, at Motion Conference this year, we had 17,257 students.
To God be the glory.
That is a move of God.
Let it never just be the scene to temporary.
God, can we see that as you see it?
You know, 1,232 salvation at Motion Conference.
Over 200
over $250,000 given to missions.
And we can even look at that as just a report, or every one of those numbers seeing them as God sees them, individual people.
And I could go on and on, I mean literally 17,000 stories, but here's just a couple of them.
This is from Luke, a student who came to motion conference.
This is what it's all about, this is what God sees.
I accepted Jesus, I know the truth, and I now have purpose.
Come on, somebody, that is what God, it's not just an arena.
It's not just the calendar event.
This is what God sees.
Here's another story from Braden.
I'm called to reach my classmates and teammates and I'm ready to follow wherever he leads.
It's not just the scene.
Yeah.
And here's what I know.
Church, is that Braden's life?
I know I wasn't thinking that at Braden's age.
Anybody else out there?
And I know that now Braden has decades to live where his life will impact others life.
That's what God sees.
What do we see?
Do we see?
as God sees.
I mean, survey, I know many of us were part of survey.
Is that just a day to put on the red church?
You know, just a day to do some good or a chance to show the world how Jesus lived, to go out and to seek and to save and to serve.
And on survey, a miracle happened.
We had 1,040 projects together as a church.
143, this is conservative.
143,000 people were reached, which equaled 73,494 man hours.
which would take one person 35.3 years to do that if it was just them.
That's what we were part of.
To God be the glory, all glory to God.
We were part of it that day.
But again, it wasn't just the function of the day.
I think God is so pleased that we all went out and put the red shirt on.
But God loves it because he loves his people.
And all day long, we got to encounter people that God loves.
Here's just a couple of stories.
This is Marissa.
This is like amazing.
I found my family.
I mean, she found a church.
We served her and she found a family.
It's what it's all about.
Here's another story from Rita.
I've never seen so much joy and care on people's faces.
I can't wait to come to church and feel that again.
Again, church, this is what God sees.
God sees Braden.
God sees Rita.
God sees you.
And we could talk about events all day long, but I don't even get me started on church.
Again, what God is doing right now in our church, even in this year of transition, is truly
a miracle.
It's a move of God.
Again, to God be all the glory.
But we can look at church.
It's just another event.
You know, we're here.
Many of us are from the south.
We're obviously here in the south.
You know, is it just a check it off the list kind of situation?
Is it just routine or is that a miracle?
Is church, come on church of the houses, a place of power of God's presence, a community, a place of hope,
and vision.
Again, to God be the glory, I'm going to keep saying that.
This year, to date, as of last Sunday, we have seen 28,748 salvation here at Church of the Highlands.
Say miracle.
And over 9,000 people have filled out a connection card here for the very first time.
If that's you, whether that's today or you've been here for your first Sunday this year, we welcome you.
As Marissa said earlier in that screen, I pray that you have found a family.
And God's moving in our church.
This is Douglas.
In the hardest season of my life, God's presence and the love of my church family have carried me every step of the way.
Here's one final story from Joe.
Through highlands, Jesus brought me back to my faith.
gave me peace and joy, and today I'm proud to be nine months sober.
Put your hands together for Joe.
Okay.
I'm obviously leaning.
I could go on and on.
I'm leaning in here because what do we see?
Do we just kind of go through the motions or do we see what God sees?
And we sing a song earlier, I've witnessed it.
You know, we have witnessed a move of God up really for 25 years, especially this year to date.
And I'm here full of confidence as I give you this roadmap for the fall that we're gonna continue in Jesus' name to see God move like never before.
And I'm just telling you from my part in the entire team here, the dream team here, we are committed like never before to build on the legacy of highlands, but come on to fearlessly advance with courage and faith into the future.
Our world needs the light of Jesus more than ever before, now is the time for such a time as this.
These fast 25 years have put us to this point,
not just to sit back and enjoy what it has been, but to know God has more in our future.
Philippians 1, 6, let's be confident of this, that he who began a good work will carry it on to completion until the day of Christ Jesus.
And so I'm praying that God would give us his eyes to see this fall amazing opportunities, that the best truly is yet to come.
Next Sunday we're kicking off, here's the roadmap, next Sunday we're kicking off a brand new series
and we're calling the goodness of God.
Come on, look at your neighbor and say, our God is a good God.
Come on, look at your other neighbor and say, he is good.
We could talk about the goodness of God for the next 80 years.
Anybody agree with that?
I mean, there's an endless list to the goodness of God, but we're gonna take the next nine weeks as a church, and we're gonna lean into the goodness of God.
And three things that I'm praying for, and I'm asking you between now and next Sunday to join me, please, I'm asking you daily and prayer,
that these three things would happen over the next nine weeks in all of our lives first, but also in others' lives.
And the first thing is that we would see His goodness.
Here's what's really cool.
The Bible teaches us, if you want to know how to see the goodness of God, the Bible actually teaches us in John 14, says, Jesus says, whoever seen me has seen the Father.
So we church, we look to Jesus to see the goodness of our God.
And so every week in this series, we're going to start the message with a Bible story from the gospels about a moment in the life of Jesus here on earth and how he ministered and how he revealed the goodness of our God so that we can then number two experience his goodness.
And I'm praying for this.
I've been praying this all summer long.
I am so excited about this series.
We're going to hit some very relevant real topics, how Jesus restores.
We see the goodness of God and the restoration of God and many of our prayer requests, even in 21 days,
We're around relational restoration, and I'm believing for that.
In every area, for marriages, to friendships, to co-workers, to family members, for the restoration of God, seeing the goodness of how our God is a restoring God.
We're gonna talk about how Jesus heals.
Come on, anybody believe Jesus is a healer?
We believe that emotionally, physically.
We're gonna show you from God's word, and then pray that we all experience that, have powerful moments.
Even if we're gonna talk about it in this series, how Jesus wept.
Y'all do know we can see the goodness of God even in our suffering.
that suffering is a part of this life.
We're gonna hit that head on, but how we can look for the goodness of God in that.
And then we're also gonna share His goodness.
So we're gonna see it, experience it, and share it.
We're gonna give everybody, next Sunday, say, don't miss this, you gotta be in person to receive this, this copy.
Everybody in church will get this next week.
It's similar to journals we've done in the past.
This is more of a field guide where we're gonna take the message every single week.
There's ways to interact with it through devotionals, also through activities.
Then also this becomes a great tool for us just to pray for the series, inviting friends, and being a part of the goodness of God through showing his goodness, sharing his goodness to the world around us.
And so it's gonna be an amazing, an amazing nine week series, and then I'll lead this into at the movies, and then you'll after that is Christmas.
That's crazy.
All right, I know Pastor Blake is super excited about that.
He celebrates Christmas in May, so he'll be really excited that December is here.
All right, here's the next thing this fall, and that is, you know, we had a great summer of first Wednesdays.
I wanna bring this back to the surface.
Maybe you were traveling a lot and miss those.
First Wednesdays is an important part of church life.
This year we have really, and even moving forward, we have focused on Galatians chapter four that says, this is the Apostle Paul saying this, he says, my dear children, for whom I'm again in the pains of childbirth until Christ is forming you.
He's expressing his passion for the fullness of God to be formed on the inside of us.
Not just a little taste of God,
But all of God, not just living on milk, but living on solid food spiritually.
And that's what first Wednesdays are all about.
And so it's really all about faith formation.
And we actually have first Wednesday this week, and we've targeted a specific area that is so important.
And that's the area of finances.
And we have Dave Ramsey, who was with us earlier this year.
He's back with us.
Yeah, come on, Uncle Dave.
I love Uncle Dave.
And so he is locked and loaded to help us in a very spiritual area, the area of finances.
to bring orders to that area, and I'm super excited about that, and all of our fall first Wednesdays.
And here's the last kind of road map, and you've already heard this one, I won't stay here long, but we are officially launching our fall small groups today.
And as a church, we are called to community, to commune with God and with each other.
And I am so excited that we're launching those groups to last for the next 13 weeks.
What a great chance to go online today.
All those groups are listed where they meet the day, the time, the topic,
And you may even have to try out a few.
That's completely okay.
Your leaders are ready for rejection.
The leaders that are there, if you go from their group to the next one, we have prepared their hearts.
It's not about that.
It's about you finding the right group.
That's what it's all about.
And so please know that that's our passion and kind of the rally cry.
You're gonna hear it a lot from me all fall along is together we win.
And that's the truth.
We need each other more.
We need God and we need each other more than ever before.
And so that's kind of fall programming.
And I'm really excited that along with that, kind of built up to this moment,
that we're putting a fresh vision focus on an area of our church and in the state of Alabama that is so important.
We launched down in Montgomery around 15 years ago in our capital city of Montgomery.
And we have an amazing campus there that's been led by Pastor Chris Irwin, his wife Rachel.
God has used that campus for 15 years for people to know God and find freedom, discover purpose, and to make a difference.
And God really just led us as a church to bring back focus to that area in a huge way.
The first way we're gonna do that is we were actually beginning construction on the Montgomery Dream Center this fall, which I'm so, yeah, put your hands together, it's exciting.
Which is a hub of outreach, obviously, for us.
We were able just to show, as I said earlier, it was served a, show city of Montgomery the love of Jesus.
And it's an important city with a military base there and with colleges there and just the families that live in that community.
Also, just being our capital city here in Alabama, for us just to show the love of Jesus,
in moments and services, but also practically with those red shirts on.
And it's such an incredible opportunity.
It is fully funded.
I wanted to celebrate that by the generous people of Church of the Highlands.
And so we're able just to build that debt free and that facility is gonna start in the next month or so.
And then along with that, again, a focus to that area, I'm officially announcing, I kinda teased it at Team Knight.
The dot was actually up there earlier.
I mentioned that earlier when we showed you the whole state or the whole campus church map.
But we are announcing today the launch of the Prattville campus in February 26th.
Church of the Highlands has come into Prattville.
Pratt Vegas is going to be awesome, which just now gives us two locations in that region to God be the glory.
It's going to be an incredible opportunity to reach that entire region with a dream center, two campuses.
And honestly, guys, this was so easy because we really already have a campus in Prattville.
Because for the last five years,
They have been meeting for 21 days.
I mean, small groups, outreach.
That's kind of like a black market small group.
They basically forced us to turn that into a, or a black market campus.
They forced us to turn that into a campus.
And I am so excited.
I even have family members in Prattville.
I know they're so excited.
And I believe with all of my heart, for decades to come, God is gonna use that campus to make a difference.
And I know we're not physically in that space, but one more time all across church life.
Can we welcome the people of Prattville
We love you.
We're so excited.
And before I share a little bit on just vision for our own lives, we put together a video just to give you a little more of God's picture of what's happening in the city of Montgomery.
Check it out.
I can remember 15, 16 years ago when we were praying about this area.
I remember meeting with Pastor Chris and saying, I'd love to bring highlands to Montgomery.
And Pastor Chris said, well, we'd love to be in Montgomery.
We knew then
that God wanted to do something really, really special in this area.
We have seen so many people healed and set free.
They have found their purpose.
They're part of the team.
And now the local church right here in the central part of our state has not only grown, but it's thrived.
We're so thankful that God has given us so many opportunities to do lots of outreach in this area.
And we've always loved this vision of dream centers.
We have one in Birmingham, one in Auburn.
We love that that was Pastor Chris's vision and Hart, now Pastor Marks.
And now Montgomery is now getting their own.
We're excited because there's so much opportunity to meet needs and minister to people and to mobilize more team.
How do we share the love of Jesus?
How do we become the church between Sundays?
And that is the mission of the dream center.
One of the greatest things that we love is being in the community so much, we've been doing outreach here for 20 years.
And to watch life change happen, not just in the building, but in the community, has been incredible.
When you think about this area, this area does include a few cities, and one of those being Prattville, Alabama.
We've heard for years, can we get our own campus?
It's a community that we've actively been serving.
It's a community that is full of highlands families.
You just see the growth of families, the amount of schools in our area.
People are, you know, flocking to this area between military, you know, going to both the bases and whatnot.
When you look at where is the natural next place for us to go, it's where we already have so many great church family.
And we've seen them drive in, you know, 40 minutes to be with us on Sunday.
And that's why we've done so many small groups and outreach there.
It introduced us to people who were trying to live life just like we were.
That really helped us to surrender our issues and problem to God and just let Him just work it out.
We realize now, okay, it's time to do more.
That we need a Sunday experience.
We need a campus life.
We need a campus family in Bratville, Alabama.
We want really to dive our family a lot deeper into ministry, into just loving on people and community and have our children grow up seeing that and living that and having a campus that's in our city, the impact that that's going to make on their lives and the community is going to be great.
To just be able to see the light of Jesus spread to so many other places.
We're excited for all God's about to do.
The opportunity has never been greater.
We have the resources we need.
We have the amazing dream team to reach a city that is hurting, that is broken.
We're not leaning back.
We are doubling down on the capital city.
And as one church, this is exciting for all of us, not just Montgomery and not just Brabble.
Now new family members will come into our church.
They will become us.
We will become the family of God and we'll do great things together, maybe in a different zip code, but in the same family, the body of Christ.
Yeah, come on, somebody.
What an incredible opportunity.
And again, Bravo, we officially welcome you as we begin to launch that campus all fall on the first day in February.
It's going to be a day to celebrate.
And Psalm 115, one is on my heart today.
I just want to finish kind of the vision for our church section with this, not to us, Lord, not to us, but to your name.
Be the glory because of your love and faithfulness.
And the church said, amen, amen.
So I want to take these last few moments and minister to you.
If you would even open your heart, as we talk about vision for the church, I wanna talk about vision for our own lives.
We wanna have God's perspective for the future of our church.
But I've been praying for God's perspective, what he sees over all of our own lives.
And I have had so many conversations recently, I know it's not an accident.
In fact, I think this will be a series in 2026 because there's been just conversation with young people, highlands college and other places about how do I find vision for my life
You know, what does that look like, my next step after college?
I've talked to a lot of people my own age, which I have to admit now, like in those middle-aged years, I'm middle-aged in those mid-40s, like, what does my second half look like in the next decade and a half?
What does God have for me?
And then just even people who are older in our church, full of wisdom, and like, how do I take all that God's done in my life?
And what is the vision for these next years as I invest that into other people?
And time after time when I've had those discussions, and I don't know if this is everybody, but I know because of those and other
discussions, it's a lot of us, that there's a temptation or a tendency at least, for that to come along with some weight.
I think vision is exciting, can be very exciting, but oftentimes, when we talk about vision for our own lives, we can feel like we somehow missed it, or the pressure of figuring it out can be so overwhelming, it can just feel literally like a weight sitting on our shoulders.
And I talk to a lot of people, that's even how they describe it, they're almost paralyzed with like the what next or the how I get from here to what God wants.
from my life.
It can come with fear, confusion, guilt, and just a lot of anxiety.
And again, it's person after person.
I know it's no accident.
And so I'm even going to pray for us right now.
I even have the keys out just for this to be more of a heart moment.
I mean, I want to just share for the next eight or nine minutes a message I know is from heaven for all of us.
And again, there's more even in the practical sense for this calling or vision idea, but I know God wants to lift the way today.
If you'll allow them, Jesus, thank you.
for your presence is so faithful.
You are here right now.
God, thank you for the vision of this house.
We are so confident.
There's things in front of us, but God, just as that's true for our church, it is true for every life in the sound of my voice.
So enemy, get your hands off of them, their minds, their hearts.
God, I'm praying for the way to be lifted.
And we, to have your eyes, your perspective, your ability, God to focus on what really matters as it relates to vision.
God, do what only you can in this moment in Jesus' name.
And everybody said, amen, everybody said,
Amen.
Philippians 1, 6.
I preached it earlier about the church.
I want to come back to it.
It's being confident of this that he who began a good work in you will carry it on to what completion?
I want to lean in on those three ideas.
He began it, he carries it, and he will complete it.
He began the work, he carries the work, and he will complete it.
Here's the big idea of
He began it.
Here's really the big idea of vision is that God is the initiator of vision.
At the end of the day, it is not my vision.
That's honestly where we often go wrong.
That's where the weight comes in.
It's not our vision.
It's his vision that God is the author of our story.
Our story didn't begin with us.
It began with him.
Jeremiah 2911, let this minister to you today.
For I know the plans I have for you declares the Lord plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future God has plans and they are good plans and they are His plans.
So how do I find those?
That's kind of the place we find ourselves.
How do I find those plans?
How do I find that vision?
Here's something that's gonna encourage you.
In the Bible, calling is used as both a noun and a verb.
You know, how do I find my calling?
As a noun, it's used four times.
I'll talk about the verb usage in a moment, but as a noun, it's used four times.
Many different instances of a verb, but as a noun, it's used four very intentional times.
One of those is Ephesians 4.
It says, as a prisoner for the Lord, then I urge you to live a life worthy of the calling you have received.
Every single time that calling is used as a noun like this, it is used to talk about our salvation, that our ultimate calling
God's ultimate vision for our life is a relationship with him.
I'll say it this way.
Our ultimate calling is to know him and make him known.
That is the hope and future Jeremiah 29 is talking about in that instance to the people of Israel.
And there in that scripture it is talking about us that we are called to know him and to make him known.
This is why the Bible never tells us to find our calling.
Come on somebody because our calling was never lost.
It's not lost.
It's to know and make him known.
And we can know God and make him known exactly where we are, even if it's not the circumstances that we wish or that we hope for.
We'll talk more about that in a moment.
But, hey, church, you are called.
Where are you called?
Right where you are.
To know God and to make him known.
Today, tomorrow, every person you encounter, the opportunities that are in front of us, they're all a part of our calling.
To know him.
and make him known.
Let that just begin to lift some weight off.
And of course, the verse continues to say that he will also carry those good works on.
He will carry them.
God is the initiator of vision.
The Holy Spirit is the sustainer of vision.
This is good news, everybody.
That God doesn't just throw plans at us and say, good luck.
God is not like IKEA.
I don't know if you're IKEA people out there.
You go to IKEA, you buy the furniture, it's in a box, you bring it home, and you pull the plans out.
And it's like a good luck, because there's no words, it's just pictures.
I have never put together a piece of IKEA furniture the right way the first time.
I'm so grateful that God's not like that.
He's not like, all right, I made you a plan.
Good luck figuring it out.
That God gives us his spirit.
When we know Jesus, when we experience salvation, we are filled with the spirit of God, which prays God for a GPS and all the different maps that we have here on earth.
There is no better director for our life than the power of the Holy Spirit.
Philippians 2, 13, it is God, Holy Spirit is God who works in you to will and act in order to fulfill his good purpose.
When we know God, there's never gonna be a day.
We don't have the sustaining, directing power of the Holy Spirit.
He will lead us into those plans.
He will lead us step by step, calling as a noun, calling in the Bible is also a verb.
And every time calling, old and New Testament is used,
And the verbs tense, check this out.
It just means this.
He invites you to his next assignment for you.
That our entire life, it's not a singular calling.
That's what puts a lot of weight on young people.
It's like, I gotta figure it out.
And some of those older people can tell you, you ain't gonna figure it out at 17 years old.
Cause our life is a journey and the Holy Spirit is faithful to lead us from place to place to place.
Look at the Apostle Paul and others in the Bible.
They were continually being called.
And how do we stay in tune with that?
We stay intimate.
with God, we live a spirit-led life, which is not some mystical life, it just means I am.
I'm gonna always stay close to Him.
It's all about, spirit-led life is all about intimacy with God.
How do we receive that next invitation?
We stay close to Him.
We stay in His Word.
How do we receive that next invitation, that next assignment?
We stay around the people of God.
Come on, this is what Galatians says, Galatians 5,
We live by the spirit, let us keep in step with the spirit.
We just stay close to God, and sometimes it is big things, by the way, and maybe you're even in a valley of decision right now.
Stay close to God.
He will be faithful through his word, through his people, through the prompting of the Holy Spirit.
But oftentimes, our next assignment is just the small thing he has for us today.
It's the smile, the encouragement, the acts of service, being the hands and feet of Jesus.
I think we overwhelm ourselves because we make it so big.
It's just, I'm gonna be faithful where I am.
God's got a plan for me today, and I'm just gonna take that next step in obedience and stay close to Him daily in His presence, daily receiving His power, daily receiving His strength.
When Matthew 6 says, I'm just gonna live off His daily bread, the power of God working in us.
And then ultimately that carries us to completion.
And this is so powerful, and this is where we're going in the next series.
I'm just teeing it up today.
Jesus is the finisher of vision.
God initiates it.
The Holy Spirit sustains it.
During, let me say it this way, look at me.
The vision for your life is in good hands.
It's in the hands of a loving God, the hands of the power of the Holy Spirit, in the hands of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.
And the authority he has to finish was earned on the cross.
He didn't go to that cross and say, I am finished.
Come on with his last breath, he says, it is finished.
And that word to tell us, that means mature.
It literally means I did everything I was here on earth to do.
Complete, accomplished, paid and full.
And it's out of that power that we can do the very same thing.
And I want there to be fresh breath.
And again, wait, lift it off.
And for you to leave here and hope, it is never too late no matter what your past has looked like.
God never stops calling us.
And from this day forward, we just put our aim on our finish line, whatever that is.
Hopefully it's 50 years in the future.
But I want to be able to say just what Jesus did.
It is finished.
God, I just did everything you called me to do.
I'm just gonna follow the power of the Holy Spirit saying yes to God.
And if we have breath in our lungs, it is God's vision for you.
It is not too late, it is not finished.
And our next series is gonna have just all about Jesus, all about the power of God.
Even next week, we're gonna kick off with the power of how God is a king, Jesus reigns, and it's in his name, the name above every name that we have all hope for our life, all hope for our future.
If you have breath in your lungs,
It's not finished.
Today, I'm gonna pray for us in a moment.
It's an opportunity just to realign ourselves with that truth and say, you know what God, I'm gonna lock in.
I wanna see what you see for my life.
And I wanna finish with a well done, good and faithful servant.
That's what it's all about.
If you would bow your heads and close your eyes all across every location online.
So we're gonna let the power of the Holy Spirit move in this moment.
God's presence is here today.
We've been talking about vision more than,
Anything else, I pray that God would give us all eyes to see his love in this moment.
Before I even go any further, this is for everyone here in this moment.
Can we just, even in your own heart now, God, show me what you see when you see my life and what you're gonna see when you see what he sees is how much he loves you.
Just as you are, you're here and you're already in relationship with him.
He loves you and he has more for you.
For you're here today and you don't know him yet, he loves you.
And you're like, oh yeah, you don't know what I did and what I'm thinking or what my life is look like.
You need to know God loves you.
And this is an amazing moment here on Vision Sunday to allow the power and presence of God to meet you right where you are.
And if you don't know him, today can be the day of salvation for you.
The amazing thing is, again, we're going there in the next series.
We already talked about it today.
What Jesus did for us on the cross,
Now allows us to have the relationship that God's always wanted to have with us.
He paid for our sins.
He made a way.
Because of his resurrection, we can be filled with the Holy Spirit.
It's not about religion.
It's not about getting it all right.
It's about a real authentic relationship.
And I don't want to finish today without offering everyone a chance to experience that.
If you don't know him, this is your moment.
I was 17 years old when I met Jesus.
It changed everything.
This can be that day for you.
Every head bout and every eye closed on the count of three.
I'm just going to ask you to lift your hands.
Campus pastors will join me on stage at every location.
They're going to pray with you.
But I want to give us a chance to respond here today on Vision Sunday to the most important decision we can make.
And if that's you, you already know it.
Even if you're online, on the count of three, we'd have you raise your hand.
Just do it as an act of faith, and we're going to pray together.
One, two, three.
Come on.
If that is you and you want to know Jesus, amen?
I see that hand right there.
Awesome.
I see your hand.
Praise God.
Amazing.
All around the room, online, on demand, just letting the presence and the power of God move in your life in this moment.
If that's you, just pray this prayer with me.
Jesus today, I give you my life.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins, my mistakes.
I repent, I turn from that and I'm running to you.
Be my Lord and my Savior and fill me with your Holy Spirit.
God, thank you for those who just prayed that prayer.
Thank you that your power is working in them in this moment.
The old is gone and the new has come.
Now I pray for all of us in this area of vision that the weight will be lifted.
God, I'm praying right now for your people.
God, may we be refreshed with the truth today.
That God, you have great plans for our life.
Plans to know you and make you known.
God, that you have assignments for us and you're going to be faithful to lead us from one to the next to the next.
God, thank you that you allow us to be close with you.
God, I'm praying for that even in this moment.
A moment of even a decision in all of our lives to take one step closer to you so that we can hear your voice and be obedient to that call.
Finally, we are so thankful for Jesus today that he went to that cross.
And because of what he did, we can stand in authority with your power working on the inside of us with hope and a future.
God, thank you for who you are for what you've done today in Jesus' name.
Everybody said, hey, man, would you help me and just praise God for those of you, especially those who just made that salvation.
This is incredible.